V \[Alexei\] - Pen Test
========================

Alexei Kuzmich opened returned from the fridge with a fresh diet Dr.
Pepper and swiped his finger against the sensor to unlock his computer.
He waited as his computer negotiated the layers of redirects required to
get into his working environment. His contact lenses came to life with
several windows all around his field of vision. Anyone watching him
would have seen him enjoying a bad porn, but inside his contacts his
empire sprang to life all around him. At least, that was how he thought
of it. One panel had an IRC channel where he and his colleagues hung
out. On another, his bot herding software was busily mining bitcoins.
Yet another had an AI agent that was trawling though various other data
streams provided by that same bot net. And in a small window to the left
was the porn that he was supposedly watching. Plausible deniability, he
told himself. What if he ever had to testify to the contents of the
video?

Alexei took a great deal of pride in his bot net. He had written the
Trojan downloader himself and had managed to propagate to 140 million
nodes. Not bad for a Jersey kid! He had routed his business through so
many different TOR nodes and dead drop locations even he wouldn\'t be
able to untangle it. His security was managed by an AI agent of his own
devising that would cover its own tracks almost faster than it could
make them.

He reviewed the progress of the various program he had running. Two
million bots working on finding the ip addresses of his colleagues on
the irc (hey you can\'t blame a guy for trying), 39 million sending spam
email messages to propagate the Trojan downloader, 20 million iterating
new versions of the downloader using evolutionary algorithms and running
them in simulation to develop the next version. 15 million in sleeper
mode ready to activate as a last resort, and 64 million brute forcing to
try and find new exploits in the new iLace OS.

That last one was a long shot. His AI had estimated the calculation time
to be complete shortly before the sun turned into a red giant and
enveloped the earth. Still, \"if you never play, you can\'t win.\"

He checked into the job channel from HQ. To say that Alexei worked for
anyone would be overstating the case. More accurate to say that he was
involved with a group that like to call themselves *information
brokers*. Jobs were posted on a channel and whoever had the resources
could tackle them and collect the bounty. Alexei scrolled down the list:
doxing a congressman -- boring, crypto-locking a certain company\'s
competitors' production server -- a little interesting but more
script-kiddie stuff, a little espionage for Sudan - more trouble than
its worth frankly, a pen test on a new HQ node -- that one might
actually be a good way to spend an afternoon.

Alexei loaded up his usual suite of tools and pointed them at the
node\'s ip. Start with the basic stuff was his maxim -- his bitcoin
account was filled by smart people who had missed something stupid. He
tried a series of buffer overflows, sql injection attacks, and even
repurposed a couple million bots to a ddos attack. All these attempts we
easily rebuffed. Nice to see! He wondered who had set up the security on
this node. Whoever it was had done a thorough job. Maybe Matvei? He was
a cunning one but he always left a backdoor. It was almost cheating, but
it was worth a check. He fired up a script that would run through the
one-time pad - that Matvei didn't know he\'d copied -- and waited for a
result. In a few seconds the script had opened a port with a telnet
client.

Alexei smiled to himself. This was actually too easy. Matvei should know
better than leaving his ass hanging out there. As soon as he had a
shell, Alexei began erasing logs that would show how he\'d gained
access. He started inspecting the rest of the node, looking for other
entry points. Easier, now that he was on the inside. He found a few
unpatched name server entries and a SQL 0-day vulnerability for which he
had an exploit in his back pocket.

Now to get paid, he thought to himself. HQ Pen tests were always a kind
of reverse capture the flag. One would need to plant a file then link to
it as a response on the job channel to claim the job completed. He
planted an encrypted file in a folder buried many levels down. When he
posted it with the RSA key it would prove definitively that he had been
there.

He would also need to provide documentation of the exploits he used.
Alexei liked Matvei, so he wouldn\'t burn his backdoor. HQ would
probably take issue with it being there in the first place. Alexei
started writing up his documentation. This was the boring part. Alexei,
like most \'information brokers\' enjoyed the thrill of the hunt, the
game. This was accountancy. Still, needs must.

He turned sound of the porn off and turned on some music at top volume.
Music helped for this kind of task, the louder the better. Alexei got so
lost in the monotony of his documentation and the Slavic beats coming
out of his sound system that he almost missed the alert coming from the
botnet ai agent he\'d set for network monitoring. He minimized the
document that he was creating, grateful for the distraction and brought
up the flashing icon.

One of his Trojans -- in a Canadian hospital by the look of things --
had detected what looked like a remote restart initiated on an iLace.
This would bear some further looking into!

Instantly, he shut down everything else. The windows orbiting his
perception all collapsed and he enlarged the console showing the alert
to fill his whole vision. He called up a shell console and remoted into
the infected machine. Sure enough, it was a computer terminal in a
hospital in Toronto. Alexei smiled to himself. Hospital networks were
notoriously insecure and this one was no different. Within a few
moments, he owned the file server and the main routers. It only took a
few more moments to get the network logs and verify what his agent had
found. It was only there for one or two packets worth of information.
Whoever had done this was good and had covered his tracks well, but must
have been in a hurry because he\'d leaked a little data -- sloppy.

Alexei leaned back in his chair and considered. This was huge. Several
groups, including HQ, had publicly posted huge bounties for remote
execution 0 days in the iLace OS. If he could get his hands on the code
it would be worth a big payday in the millions territory. Even that
seemed like thinking small to him though. To think what he\'d be able to
accomplish with root access to another human\'s nervous system, the
possibilities were literally endless.

He had dreamed his way to his own island with mind controlled slave
girls catering to his every whim when reality came crashing down to him.
First, all he knew was that someone (no idea who) had managed the
exploit on a network that he had some control. He didn\'t have the
exploit itself and the data packets he\'s captured wouldn\'t be enough
to reverse engineer. Second, he\'d have to find the hacker and own him
to get his hands on it (without paying for it anyways). Third, if HQ
found out down the road that he\'d come across this and not handed it
over right away, they\'d be very disappointed. HQ was not known for
handling disappointment well. Typically, HQ\'s disappointment often
registered in the form of cryptolockers and bullets.

Alexei sighed. To be honest, bullets could be avoided given enough
resources, but cryptolockers could put him out of business for good --
effectively deleting everything he\'d built over the last decade and
making it impossible to rebuild anything.

He logged back on to the \#HQ channel on IRC and sent a private message
to Ilia, the guy who handled acquisitions.

\<Alexei\> My AI agent reported a possible iLace breach

\<ilia\> What do you have?

\<Alexei\>Not much. A couple packets from a log

\<ilia\> keep on it. All options and resources are on the table. I want
updates every 24 hours.

\<Alexei\>OK
