VI \[Todd\] Release Notes
-------------------------

The Irish Embassy Pub was not Todd\'s usual kind of bar, but they were
close and they had beer and whiskey so it was just what the doctor
ordered. Well, actually, she had ordered them all to get some rest. They
had all agreed, but as soon as the left, Todd suggested a pint and
nobody needed convincing.

Apart from being exhausted, Sue seemed none the worse for wear. She was
leading the charge to the pub. She flopped down at the first booth and
ordered herself a pint of stout.

\"You\'re buying the first round,\" she said to Dàwèi.

Dàwèi chuckled nervously and said \"yeah, I guess I am. For the record,
I did tell you it was beta software.\"

\"Are you serious?!\" Lily looked like she was about to punch him.

\"Beta\'s a little generous,\" Sue retorted with a smile, \"I think
\'alpha\' would be more appropriate. Still, how\'d you bypass the KPP?
That was some pretty fancy coding.\"

\"I totally didn\'t think that would work!\" Dàwèi said. Todd could see
his friend flipping into his geek mode. It was almost like flipping a
switch, he instantly became more animated, his hands gesturing more
wildly, eyes brighter. \"I used an old jailbreak trick based on an
exploit from like 20 years ago. I never thought it would work if I\'m
being honest. I guess they recycled some old code for the substrate.
Anyways, once I had a root shell, sideloading a tweak was trivial.\"

"Jailbreak? There's a word I haven't heard in a while!" Sue said, "I
thought all that stuff was obsolete!"

"Well... it was," Dàwèi said. "Apple pretty much just took over the
scene. They hired all the devs and incorporated most of their work into
the OS, so pretty much everyone just dropped it. There were a few
die-hards sure, but not enough to keep the lights on. Far as I know the
last big repository shut down about ten years ago."

\"So you guys are all laced?\" Lily said, \"Man, I\'d never do that to
myself!\"

Sue turned to her. \"Don\'t judge it on what happened last night,\" she
said, \"Dàwèi's hack is good. The tweak too, it\'s just we fed it an
input it wasn\'t coded for.\"

Lily smiled reluctantly. \"Still, that was some scary shit last night.
At least if I pop an E I know when I\'m coming down!\"

Todd had been focusing intently on his whiskey. He looked at Dàwèi
levelly and said \"So what now, man?\"

\"What do you mean, \'what now?\'\"

\"I mean what now? You just uncorked a hell of a genie bottle right
there. Righteous hack, for sure but I don\'t think you\'ve totally
thought this through. You have a hack that can give root access to
someone\'s brain. Not to mention a technique for remote restart. Can you
imagine what happens when a criminal gets his hands on that? Or worse,
what about a government?! So seriously, dude: What. The. Fuck. Now?\"

\"Yo, lighten up man!\" Dàwèi said, \"I know you\'re tired so I\'m going
to cut you some slack. What do you think I\'m going to do? I\'m going to
dev, man. That\'s what I always do!\"

Sue looked thoughtful, \"Todd is right,\" she said, \"What you have is
really dangerous. We need to be super careful.\"

Todd and Dàwèi both looked at her. \"We?\" They both said.

\"Oh, I am so in this. After what I saw last night, I\'m exploding with
ideas. There\'s so much potential here. Still, Todd is totally on point
we need to lock this shit up tight. There\'s a lot of ways for it to go
wrong.\"

\"What are you suggesting?\" Dàwèi said.

\"Well, I\'d love to see your source code for one,\" Sue said
thoughtfully. \"Don\'t worry, I won\'t poach your exploits. I\'d like to
see how you hook into the OS and check if there\'s any way to prevent
what happened to me for starters.\"

\"I can\'t believe you\'re seriously considering this!\" Lily cried.
\"You were flat out on a hospital bed!\"

Sue turned to Lily. \"Listen, Lily I think it\'s awesome that you\'re
worried about me. It\'s super cute. I\'m a big girl and I can\'t just
walk away from this. There\'s just too much potential!\"

\"What so you can trip out?\" Lily shot back, \"I have a guy that can
get you ten kinds of pills that won\'t land you on a hospital bed!\"

Sue got a patient look on her face, \"This is so much more than tripping
out! We can use this to take total control of our own nervous systems.
What we\'re looking at here is the next step in human evolution!\"

Lily got a disgusted look on her face. \"Listen, I like you. I think
given time I could end up liking, liking you.\" She paused and a wave of
resolution passed over her eyes \"If you guys are going to mess with
this shit, I\'m out. Let me know when you come to your senses and decide
to be human again.\" Lily put some money on the table to pay for her
drink, and strode out of the restaurant.

Dàwèi and Todd were studying their drinks very intently, apparently
looking for molecular flaws in the glass. Sue wiped a tear from the
corner of her eye, but didn't go after her.

After an awkward, silent moment Sue said \"She must be exhausted, the
poor thing. I\'ll call her tomorrow I\'m sure this will pass.\"

\"Another round?\" Todd asked, hoping for a reason to break the moment.
Dàwèi and Sue both nodded and Todd went in search of more beer and
whiskey. When he came back Sue and Dàwèi were in an animated discussion
about dev environments, libraries, built in functions and other arcana.
Todd knew enough about what they were discussing to follow the gist of
the conversation but not enough to contribute so he sat back and sipped
thoughtfully on his whiskey. He wondered about what Sue had said about
the next stage of human evolution. At first, that seemed like hyperbole
to him, but as he thought about it maybe not.

The story of human development has been one of getting greater control
of the monkey brain. Standing upright and being able to see long
distances and track prey over long ranges, developing hands that could
manipulate their environment in increasingly sophisticated ways,
speaking and writing to transmit knowledge from generation to generation
and now, finally being able to take direct control of the nervous system
itself. It wasn\'t hard to see it in the terms that Sue was presenting
it. If anything, it made him a little mad at Apple nerfing the iLace. It
was like taking homo habilis and binding his thumbs, or gagging the
early humans trying to utter their first words.

To think of the all the things you could do with full access to your
nervous system. All those evolutionary holdovers left in our brains from
our simian ancestry could actually be overcome at the base level. We
don\'t need to have a fight or flight response to our urban environment
so we could code it out. No need to be taking pain meds for a headache
when we could just block the pain receptors with a line of code. Why
mess around with stimulants and depressants when you could just run a
little application. Intelligence and memory amplification could actually
make the humans with it be like a different species than those without
it.

The possibilities for abuse were equally limitless. This was a total
minefield. Imagine what a criminal could do with unfettered access to
someone\'s brain. Stealing passwords and identities would be the least
of it. Torture, compulsion, or outright murder were not unthinkable
using this technology. What a corrupt or totalitarian regime could do
with that kind of control was nothing short of a complete nightmare.
Even the supposed \"good guys\" would be pretty scary with that level of
power. To be able to remotely access someone\'s eyeballs or backdoor a
person\'s memories. They were going to have to be very careful about the
world they were building here.

\"So, dude is that cool?\" Dàwèi interrupted his reverie.

\"Sorry, I kinda phased out there,\" Todd said.

\"Heh, space case!\" Dàwèi grinned, \"Can we use your server to host a
repository? Sue and I are going to collaborate on a couple projects.\"

Todd maintained a rack at his home so he could store all his various
design projects and host a couple games. Nothing too fancy, just a
couple old servers he\'d cobbled together from old parts.

\"Uh, yeah sure. I haven\'t done too much on the security beyond the
regular stuff,\" Todd said, \"You might want to take a look at the
firewalls and stuff first.\"

\"I can handle that,\" Sue said \"I have a few tricks up my sleeve.\"

\"Ok, I\'ll set you guys both up with admin access and send you the
address. Not today, though I need a good night\'s sleep.\"

Sue suddenly looked very tired as if the mention of sleep had triggered
it\'s need. \"You\'re right, of course, I feel like I could sleep till
Monday.\"
