VII \[Mary\] Defragmentation
----------------------------

The smell of a roasting chicken filled the room to the edges with
warmth. Henry\'s chicken with root vegetables was the stuff of legend.
It had been a cornerstone of so many cozy family evenings it walking
into the room with that aroma was like slipping into an old comfortable
sweater. Henry looked up at his wife as she came in through the back
door to the kitchen. Siri had told him she was close by, so he\'d
already poured her the glass of Beaujolais he knew she\'d need. He\'d
tried to talk her out of these hospital shifts before, but he knew
she\'d never give them up. All the same, they took their toll.

Mary threw her jacket on the chair and breathed deep of the cooking
smells. She saw her husband preparing a salad and the glass of wine
waiting for her on the counter and smiled. No matter how weird the world
got, she thought, at least there\'s this.

\"You\'re a good man, Mr. Feldmann.\"

\"You're a tired doctor, Dr. Feldmann,\" He said, completing the
formula. \"How was saving the world today?\"

\"Strange.\"

\"Oh?\"

\"Yeah, I had an odd case that ate most of my afternoon,\" she replied.
\"A young woman and her friends had been hacking their iLace and
something broke.\"

Henry suddenly looked much more serious, \"wait, I thought that wasn\'t
supposed to be possible.\"

\"That\'s what I thought too! You should have seen this girl: almost
completely non-responsive except for the occasional nod and a very
unnerving grin.\"

\"Well,\" Henry looked thoughtful, \"how did you solve it?\"

\"I basically sat back and watched,\" Mary sighed. \"They had to reboot
her for chrissakes! I won\'t lie to you I seriously considered taking
the black pill there for a moment. I didn\'t.\" she said to Henry\'s
raised eyebrow.

\"Still, this is concerning. None of that should have been able to
happen. I\'ve sat through hours if not days of seminars and keynotes
about how the iLace\'s security is unassailable.\"

\"Where have I heard that before?\" Mary said tiredly, \"nothing is
unhackable given enough time and willpower.\"

\"Still, these kids may have bitten off a bit more then they can chew,\"
Henry said, \"even leaving aside the idea of messing with their brains,
I know of a few lawyers who would have a field day with them if they
used any proprietary code.\"

\"I don\'t think this bunch cared a whole lot about that to be honest.
They were still young enough to feel immune from lawsuits. I\'ll tell
you what was even stranger though: once the kid got in there with his
antennae and rebooted the system, she was fine. Like, not a trace of
anything wrong with her at all. Brain chemistry fine, toxicology fine, a
little tired, but otherwise perfectly healthy. Can you imagine what we
would have done in university with a drug you can turn off?\"

\"That would have been quite a thing,\" he agreed with a smirk. Henry
looked up to his left for a moment and said \"I\'m being told the
chicken is ready.\"

\"Ok. I\'m going to get changed out of my work clothes.\"

Over dinner, Henry gossiped about a couple of the guys in his \'old guy
band.\' They\'d had a practice session that day. Henry played bass in a
band that played mostly grunge rock tunes from their teenage years.
Henry raved about how great it was to have charts on his heads up
display so he could read music and maintain eye contact with the drummer
at the same time.

Mary made all the right noises and put on a very good show of being
interested in the exploits of his bandmates. Inwardly though, she
couldn\'t stop thinking about the events of the day. There was something
there. She wasn\'t sure exactly what but something nagged at her
consciousness like an unsolved crossword clue or a forgotten lyric. It
wasn\'t exactly what she had been talking to Henry about -- though to be
sure, there was a certain amount of existential dread seeing those kids
hacking their own brains -- it was something else that her mind kept
wandering back to.

In the back of her thoughts, like a cavity your tongue can\'t leave
alone, there it was. Envy. Some part of her wanted to be those kids. The
part that had been young once and had watched as her friends at college
went off to raves and clubs while she was studying. The part that had
been slightly bitter about always being the friend that would talk you
down if you\'d gone too far. These kids brought back that same feeling,
a longing for a life she had never wanted.

\"So do you want to come?\" Henry asked.

Mary snapped out of her reverie. \"I\'m so sorry, I was a million miles
away.\"

Henry laughed, \"I could tell! Welcome back. I was saying I\'d like to
go down to the markets tomorrow and stock up on some spices and things.
Lauren\'s visiting next weekend and I won\'t really have a chance during
the week.\"

\"That sounds like it would be a lovely afternoon! I had almost
forgotten that Lauren would be in town.\" Having her daughter back if
only for the weekend would be grounding for her and she\'d been looking
forward to it for a while now. Lauren was a patent attorney who lived in
Boston these days. She was visiting for a convention the week after but
had managed to finagle an early ticket so she could spend the weekend
with her parents. \"Should we plan anything or just hang around here you
think?\"

\"I don't think we need to plan further ahead than a couple extra
bottles of wine.\"

\"Is she bringing what\'s-his-name?\"

\"No, thankfully. It looks like you won\'t need to learn his name
either.\"

\"Thank god!\" Mary laughed. The boyfriend had come for Christmas. He
was one of those corporate climber types -- very interested in himself,
not very interesting. \"What a bore!\"

\"Now Mary, it\'s our job to be supportive in times like these,\" he
reproached, eyes twinkling.

\"Naturally, my dear. Still I can be glad to see the back of him!\"

They cleaned up after dinner and Henry settled in to a book he\'d been
reading. It was a little unnerving to see him sitting on the couch an
apparently staring in front of him, his eyes tracking the text in front
of him. Mary sighed inwardly, this was all going to take some getting
used to.

Mary had some reading of her own to do. There was a stack of journals
she\'d been meaning to devote the evening to but now she found herself
drawn to a certain area of research that before today she\'d only had a
passing interest in. After a bit of searching she found it \"*Diagnostic
and Therapeutic Uses for Intracellular Machinery in
Psychopharmacology.*\"

She settled in to her chair with a tablet. It felt weird to her to be
reading journals on her eyeballs. She\'d been reading articles like this
so long her chair was worn to the shape of her reclining form. She just
before she got too far in to it, she suddenly noticed that there was a
wave of emails from the hospital. Over a hundred spam emails suddenly
littered her inbox. She sighed. They can put a computer in my brain, she
thought, but they still haven\'t gotten rid of spam.

She went to work deleting them all. What she didn\'t notice was the java
worm that launched as soon as she selected the email for deletion.
Within a few seconds, the worm had propagated to their entire internal
network -- excluding the iLace nodes. A few seconds later, an AI agent
in New Jersey was alerting its master that a new node had opened and
that there was recent activity that had flagged keywords of note. A few
moments after that an innocuous looking service was installed on her
machine that mirrored her entire system to the network of one
information broker in New Jersey.
