X -- Todd - Sideload
--------------------

\[11:12\]\<redt0ad\> yo sk8erade, you said you had something for me to
check out

\[11:12\]\<sk8erarde\> Dude, not here! PM me on the server\'s secure
line.

\*\*\*

\<redt0ad\> Sorry dude wasn\'t thinking.

\<sk8erade\> No worries, just so\'s you know though, I\'m going to a
whole new level of paranoid on this stuff. Nothing anywhere there will
be a record and nothing on an unencrypted connection.

\<redt0ad\> Fair enough. I promise I\'ll be careful. Pinky swears. So
what you got?

\<sk8erade\> Sue and I have been working on something we have a beta to
test out. She has chops man, I\'m kinda pissed at you for not
introducing us before. Anyways, this new app is gonna be so boss.

\<redt0ad\> Alright, alright, enough with the suspense! What do you
have?

\<sk8terade\> oh not much, just a little brain to brain communication!

\<redt0ad\> dude we're doing that right now

\<sk8erade\> Nah man. This is all mediated. I\'m talking direct brain to
brain communication. Like you see out of my eyes and can hear my
thoughts.

\<redt0ad\> Wait, seriously? That\'s possible?

\<sk8erade\> Totally! All we had to do was basically route one input to
another output. It\'s basically just a vpn tunnel to another network.
The software doesn't care what info is transmitted.

\<redt0ad\> have you tested it yet?

\<sk8erade\> only in simulation. Wanna give it a try?

\<redt0ad\> This gonna land me in the ER?

\<sk8erade\> Shit. You guys are never gonna let me live that down are
you?

\<redt0ad\> Nope. Can\'t see as we would

\<sk8erade\> Fair enough. Sue wrote a task manager. You can kill any
process just by thinking it. Here, I\'m sending you both files. The task
manager is called rubyslippers.deb and the brain tunnel is tpath.deb.

Todd watched the files download to his user folder. Even though tpath
came down first he waited for rubyslippers so he could install that
first. Sue\'s experience had really put the fear into him.

\<redt0ad\> how do I install these?

\<sk8terade\> you\'ll need to sideload the installer from a computer
first. Go onto your server and find the file Impactor in our shared
folder. There\'s also a file called bRa1ncandy.ipa. Just drag it onto
Impactor and you can install the exploit that will let you install the
new software.

A memory tickled the back of Todd\'s brain. Where had he heard of that
program before.

\<redt0ad\> Wait, isn't that an old jailbreaking app?

\<sk8erade\> Impressed you picked up on that. Yup that\'s the one. Turns
out most of the subsystem they used is based on the old iOS kernel with
its goof old UNIX underpinnings. There\'s code in your brain that\'s
over 50 years old! That\'s why my exploit worked. I leveraged something
at least 20 years old that used to be patched. Guess they didn't use
that version.

Todd shook his head. It was amazing how Dàwèi figured this stuff out.
That he would even think to try a 20 year old, long patched exploit was
so like him. Jailbreaking had pretty much faded away as Apple had
increased their security over the years. The only reason Todd even knew
about it was from his research into antique computer systems.

Still, whatever worked! Within a few minutes he had installed the
exploit and loaded in Sue\'s task manager. He had to hand it to her, it
was an elegant solution: with an upward glance, you could kill the most
recently initiated process, or you could pull up a terminal that would
show all running processes.

Not without a little trepidation, he installed the tPath program.

\<redt0ad\> OK. I\'m all installed. Now what?

\<sk8erade\> Awesome! OK I\'ll send you my ip and encryption certificate
and we should be good to go!

Sure enough, in came a string of letters and numbers and Dàwèi's digital
signature file. Todd launched tPath, and supplied the IP and certificate
when prompted. For a moment, he felt as if he were speeding down a dark
tunnel himself, not just his data.

When he finally emerged it was into a cacophonous mass of noise and
sound unlike anything he\'d ever experienced. He felt himself barraged
with words that were unconnected from any meaning. Colours washed over
him in a violent tumult. His spatial awareness went all haywire and he
felt like he was standing on an upside down floor that was undulating
like a breathing sea. The vertigo was so overwhelming that within
seconds he had terminated the program. He was back in his apartment. He
leaned over to the side of his chair and promptly vomited the entire
contents of his stomach.

Todd didn't trust himself to do anything with his iLace so he picked up
his phone and called Dàwèi on his phone. \"What the actual fuck man?!\"

\"What happened man?\" Dàwèi said with a mix of curiosity and concern,
\"I was in transmit mode only I don\'t know what you saw.\"

\"It was a mess man! Like being stuck inside a Jackson Pollock painting.
Seriously, what the hell did you write there?\" He was starting to calm
down a little but still feeling shaky.

\"Dude, I swear it was literally a straight connection. All I wrote was
really just networking software, connecting my outputs to your inputs.\"

\"Well did you check it?\"

\"Yeah, totally! Bit for bit perfect connection. My encryption even
verified on your end. You received what I sent!\"

\"Dude, that\'s messed up,\" Todd sighed. \"Listen, let me call you
back. I gotta clean up. That shit totally made me hurl.\"

\"No way, you ralphed?\"

\"Yeah,\" Todd said defensively, \"Let\'s switch directions and see how
well you do.\"

\"Nah, that\'s ok. I\'ll just\... uh.. double-check my logs\"

\"You do that,\" said Todd and he hung up. He sighed and went to his
kitchen to grab some paper towels. As he was cleaning up the thought
struck him. Of course, he thought, this isn\'t a programming problem,
it's a UI issue. He felt ashamed for a moment, he really should have
figured that out earlier. It was actually his job! He finished cleaning
up the mess and hurried to call Dàwèi back.

\"Dàwèi, I got it! It\'s a UI problem. I\'m coming over.\"

Dàwèi sounded surprised. \"What, like in meatspace?\"

\"Yeah man. I\'ll be there in 15 minutes.\"

The car he got was faster than he expected and he made it there in 12.
Dàwèi let him in and they headed over to his workstation. There was a
pizza box with two slices of cold pizza next to a couple empty beer
cans. Dàwèi tossed a fresh beer to Todd. \"So, what do you mean a UI
problem?\"

\"OK, have you ever heard of the idea that maybe the way we each
perceive the colour red are fundamentally different and all we can truly
ever agree on is that a strawberry is that.\"

\"Yeah, I guess so...\" Dàwèi sounded unsure.

\"Well, now we know! You can wire your inputs directly into my brain but
without an interface it\'s like feeding a digital input to an analogue
output. It just comes out noise!\"

\"So, what are you saying?\"

\"You need a metaphor.\" Todd was bubbling with excitement, \"There has
to be a shared consensus. Listen, think about how computers first
worked.\" Dàwèi rolled his eyes at the ancient history lesson. \"No,
bear with me, I\'m going somewhere with this. At first, programmers
worked one hundred percent in assembler, machine code, no abstraction.
It was great for what they were doing, but super hard to do and a really
high bar to entry. Someone developed a compiler and we got languages. We
got a new metaphor: people could *talk* to a computer if they knew a
language. Those languages were hard and arcane, so someone developed a
pointer and windows. We got another metaphor: people could look at and
interact with what was going on in the computer. What you need for tPath
is a new metaphor: some way that people can interact with each other\'s
thoughts and senses.\"

\"You rehearsed that little speech on the way over, didn\'t you,\"
Dàwèi, smirked.

\"Maybe a little.\" Todd said sheepishly.

\"You\'re not wrong though,\" Dàwèi swiveled back to his screen, \"I was
looking at the debug data from the connect earlier. Look at this\" He
pointed to some lines in a log file. It showed dozens of \'Data mismatch
exception\' errors. \"It\'s like your nervous system was expecting a
different set of inputs and freaked out entirely when it didn't get
them\"

\"I\'ll say.\"

\"OK. This is your department. What\'s our metaphor?\"

\"Well, I\'m thinking VR\"

\"Wait, what?\"

\"OK, remember when we were kids and there were these headsets you could
buy where they strap two little tvs on your face and give you headphones
for playing video games?\"

\"You mean like before the contacts came out?\"

\"Yeah, those!\" Todd said, \"Here\'s what I\'m thinking. You go to a
room. Kind of a shared space where you handle authentication handshakes
and all that. Each person can put on the goggles and see out of the
other person\'s eyes.\"

\"I see where you\'re going with this,\" Dàwèi said thoughtfully, \"sort
of like an abstraction layer between the viewer and perceiver\"

\"Exactly!\" We\'ll have to work on mind to mind conversations too
because that was way too weird. I think the idea that people think one
thing at a time is a bit of an illusion. When I was connected, it was
more like there were dozens of streams of words and sensations. Maybe,
and I\'m just thinking aloud here, if you could base the transmission on
what the sender is paying attention to?\"

\"Hmm that sounds hard. I want to get Sue in on this too. She\'s really
good with that kind of thing -- handling lots of data streams. Let\'s
give her a call.\"

At the mention of Sue, Todd suddenly looked at the time, \"Oh, shit its
late! Sue\'s probably asleep and I should be too. I gotta get home, I\'m
so screwed for tomorrow!\"

\"Maybe this will help!\"

Todd noticed a new app in his inbox called \'r3dbull.deb\'. He raised an
eyebrow.

\"Just a little tweak, blocks the adenosine receptors. Coffee in script
form!\"

\*\*\*

Todd made it to work the next day just, barely on time. Sue looked up at
him as he raced in to his desk to log in. \"You look like shit\" She
said with a grin as she expanded the noise-cancelling zone around their
desks.

\"Thanks. Good to see you too.\" He said sardonically, \"Dàwèi and I
were up late working on our little project. Nice task manager by the
way.\"

Sue pushed back from her terminal and smiled at the compliment.
\"Thanks! That\'s an alpha version for sure. I have lots of plans for
it. I think I can expand its functioning so you can control any process
in your nervous and glandular system, not just the built in iLace and
tweaks stuff.\"

Todd\'s eyes widened at this, \"No shit! That could be amazing. Well
I\'m running the current version, so let me know when there\'s updates.
Hey, have you heard from Lily?\"

\"Unfortunately, yes,\" Sue darkened, \"She\'s gone all anti tech on me.
Says it\'s poisoning us and we should all black pill right now before we
are turned into broken machines.\"

\"Aw, that sucks.\"

\"Damn right it sucks, first decent prospect I\'ve had in months and she
turns out to be a nut job. She\'s been spamming my timeline with all
kinds of contrails-type conspiracy craziness. I think I\'m going to just
block her and move on.\"

Todd nodded sympathetically. \"So, we tried out the tPath app last
night...\"

\"And?\"

\"And I tossed my cookies! It was like having my brain in a blender, I
could barely tell which way was up! Dàwèi and I figure that brains
perceive things to differently to support a direct connection. We need
an interface to mediate the experience.\"

\"Huh,\" Sue said, \"Just like that we\'ve solved an unanswerable
philosophical conundrum. We really do all see the world differently. So,
Mr. UI guy, what do you suggest.\"

Todd told her about his VR helmet idea and she chuckled a little
\"You\'re so retro, man!\" she had some ideas about how her process
monitoring software could help thread mental conversations. They saw Dad
peering at them over his glasses and figured it was time to look busy.
They agreed to meet up on the IRC after work and work through some
ideas. Todd called up his design studio software and began working on
his Windows XP Computer.

While he was working on crafting up an ergonomic keyboard for the
virtual machine, his mind kept going back to the metaphor problem. He
still wasn\'t convinced that the VR headset was the right model, but he
felt intuitively that it was going in the right direction.

Something tickled the back of his brain about a thing he had read a
while back. It was about how medieval illiterate farmers would have
these amazing memories and could remember things that literate people
would need to have books and books to keep notes for. A \"memory
palace\", that was it! He felt his pulse quicken a little the way it did
when he was on the trail of a solution to a design problem.

The idea was that they would construct these \'palaces\' in their minds
and would use them to keep track of things. They would associate
different objects in their minds with what they needed to remember --
sort of like an inventory of their brains.

With the software Dàwèi and Sue were building, they could each construct
their own palaces. When you wanted to visit someone else\'s brain,
you\'d go into their palace that was constructed of objects from the
real world but with associations unique to the host\'s brain. There
could be mediation without a loss of directness. This was it, this was
the thing they needed he was sure of it!
