IX \[Alexei\] Social Engineer
-----------------------------

Alexei stepped off the train and into the bustle of Union station. In a
few more minutes, he was out of the station and stabbing at his phone
angrily for a car. Traveling always made him grumpy. What was the point
of having a world-wide network of nearly sentient AI agents if he had to
go off and do this kind of grunt work himself? Fifteen more minutes
found him unlocking the door to the condo he had rented and opening up
his gear bag. He sighed as he surveyed the equipment he\'d brought with
him. The other reason he disliked to travel was the minimal setup he was
forced to scale down to. He felt almost like he had left a limb back at
his home in Jersey.

Best to get to work, he thought to himself, so I can get out of this
godforsaken town. He loaded up a terminal and executed the script he had
written earlier. At that moment, the entry system at St. Michael\'s
hospital suddenly malfunctioned. It began refusing entry to random staff
members.

As the security guard was banging on the card reader and looking up
apologetically at Dr. Stevens. Alexei was changing into a pair of khaki
pants and a blue polo shirt bearing the logo of SysInt, the company to
whom St. Michaels outsourced their IT logistics. Just as he finished
putting on his shirt, his phone rang. He smiled to himself. Right on
time, he thought. He picked up the phone, and didn\'t have to do too
much acting to sound bored. \"SysInt logistics and support. Please be
advised that this call may be recorded to ensure quality. May I have
your contract number please?\"

In another forty-five minutes he was at the hospital. He could have
gotten there faster but he knew that to really sell it he should make
them wait for a bit. He walked up to the staff entrance and found the
guard he\'d spoken with on the phone. This was a part of the game that a
lot of his HQ brethren looked down on: social engineering. Alexei looked
at it with more respect. The art of
getting-away-with-something-because-you-look-like-you-belong-there was
old when the only people who did networking were fishermen. It was a
craft, and took dedication.

\"Finally! It\'s about time you got here!\" the guard said with a mix of
relief and exasperation.

\"Sorry, for the delay, sir,\" Alexei said deferentially, \"My name is
Roger, what\'s the trouble?

\"This card reader is totally on the fritz!\" the guard said, \"I\'m
backed up ten deep already and it\'s about to be shift change! Can you
fix it?\"

Alexei couldn't resist. \"Did you try turning if off and turning it on
again?\" He could see the guard about to blow a gasket on that one so he
backed off, \"heh, sorry a little tech humour there. Let me have a
look.\"

He sat down at the guard\'s terminal and plugged in a flash drive that
contained all his arsenal. He called up a terminal window and started
peering at some very boring and arcane looking log files. As soon as he
saw the guard\'s attention wander he opened another window and typed
another couple commands that would stop the attack on the card reading
software. \"That should do it, give it a try now.\"

The guard ran his card through and, unsurprisingly, it worked perfectly.
His face lit up as he saw his afternoon returning to normalcy. \"That\'s
great! Thanks so much for your help!\"

\"Not a problem! I saw a few things in the logs I\'m going to have to
double check.\" He rolled his eyes and sighed, \"Paperwork!\"

\"I feel ya, brother\" the security guard said.

\"Can you point me to your server room?\"

\"Sure, it\'s in the basement. Just head over to the elevator down that
hall and head down to the end of the first hallway on the left when you
get out. You\'ll need this,\" he handed Alexei an access card and a
visitors pass.

\"Thanks, man,\" Alexei said and walked off as directed. \"Schmuck,\" he
muttered to himself as he opened the elevator.

The server room was just as he had expected, reasonably tidy if
horrendously out of date. Someone took good care of this place, but they
didn\'t really have the budget to go all in. Alexei quickly located a
connection slot and pulled out his laptop and plugged in to their
network. Getting through the network security was trivially easy,
especially since he already owned much of the network with his Trojans.
The information he was after was unfortunately air gapped and not
available on the internet or he could have save himself a trip. He knew
that that the iLace packets had been on the network last Saturday
afternoon and he knew that Dr. Feldmann had been the ER doctor at the
time. He also knew from the doxing that he\'d run on Dr. Feldmann, that
she did not have the chops to pull off something like that.
Unfortunately, he didn\'t know which patient it had been so the only
thing he could do would be to review the video footage for the day and
track it down from there. It took him a couple minutes to locate the
drive containing the footage from the weekend, another five minutes to
clone the drive and wipe the records of its retrieval.

After that, he figured he had a little time to kill. If he left too
quickly the guard\'s suspicions might be aroused. According to his
research, and average SysInt service call lasted 40 minutes, so he still
had 20 minutes. Alexei got out another flash drive and installed another
backdoor into the server (you never know when you\'re going to want
another backdoor). At the same time he ran a script that on the security
camera footage that would replace his face with the face of the real
Roger Cormer from SysInt.

While his scripts were running, he grabbed a pastrami sandwich from his
case. He munched away while watching the progress bar, careful not to
leave any trace of either virus or sandwich.

Finally, he was on his way back out the door he had come. He handed in
his visitor pass and card and was again thanked profusely by the guard
he had \'helped.\'

\*\*\*

Back at the condo, he attached his cloned drive to his setup and set an
agent searching for the face of Dr. Feldmann. He knew she had clocked in
at noon and he found her at the triage desk shortly after that. From
there he set a tracking routine to follow her actions through the day.
As he was watching the video feed roll forward at two times the speed,
he cracked open a beer and started pouring over the logs looking for
anything significant. He watched Dr. Feldmann set a broken arm, tend to
a patient in insulin shock and deal with various cuts and scrapes in
fast forward, all while a scroll of text ran overlaid on the video.
Alexei was very good at multi-tasking.

It didn\'t take long for him to find the gap in the admissions records.
It was actually fairly well disguised and someone who did not know what
they were looking for would have been fooled. The timestamps were
slightly off of when they should have been and to Alexei\'s trained eyes
he could see where the logs had been rewritten to remove a patient\'s
presence. He cracked his knuckles, took a deep swig of beer and dug in.
His adversary was talented but seemed rushed and likely made mistakes.

This was the game he lived for. Like chess grandmasters, it was all
about taking advantage of little mistakes that for lesser players
wouldn\'t be mistakes at all. So far he had a forged timestamp, from
there it was only a quick pivot to find our doctor in with a patient,
looking mystified and being handed a piece of paper from a coworker. The
camera\'s resolution wasn\'t good enough to see what was on the paper,
but he followed the doctor across several feeds to the chapel where she
entered with 3 other people. Damn, no cameras in the chapel. He jogged
the feed forward until he saw people coming out. He swore under his
breath when he saw that all three of the people who had been in the
chapel with the doctor had their faces blurred out. Point to you, he
thought.

Still, how many other people on that feed had blurred faces, he
wondered. He set his agent working on the problem and in a few minutes
he had a list of all the shots with blurred faces in the video feeds he
had. Too clever for your own good, Alexei thought. At last, he had
located the doctor, with three blurry people in a room with a blurry
patient -- a woman by the look of it. He could see one of the blurry
figures setting up an antenna array around the patient. Finally, he saw
the moment where blur number one went back to a computer, launched a
script of some kind, and blurry patient aroused.

There it was. Alexei sat up so quickly he almost spilled his beer. There
was a little flash before the patient woke up. It must have been some
kind of interference from the antenna array. He wound it back frame by
frame and finally he found it. In just one frame, one of the faces
resolved into a crisp image. He quickly screen capped the image and fed
it into a facial recognition bot. It took about 2 seconds for the bot to
return a name: Lily Quiexar.

Well played Mr. Blur, thought Alexei, but I win the match.
