III -- \[Todd\] Screensaver
---------------------------

Todd had set an alarm to wake him up for work. The app he was using
would stimulate his hypothalamus with a low dose of Norepinephrine. It
was actually a very gentle way to wake up. Rather than having some
ungodly noise blaring at him to interrupt his dreams, he would slide
gradually towards wakefulness. If he didn\'t feel totally rested --
he\'d been up a little too late the night before playing a video game
with Dàwèi online -- at least it felt like he was waking up naturally.

It was Friday. Finally. He\'d done his install on Tuesday and come
online Wednesday morning and he\'d been looking forward to the weekend
off so he could really play with it. In a moment of weakness, he\'d
agreed to go to a club with Dàwèi that night. Dàwèi was a \'bad
influence\' friend. He often found himself agreeing to things that he
knew he shouldn't when Dàwèi was involved. It had been that way since
they were teenagers.

For now, he put Dàwèi out of his mind. He needed to get to work. Without
really thinking about it, he\'d gotten dressed, poured some coffee down
his throat and summoned a car. By the time he got to his desk, Sue was
already there.

\"Hey! TGIF, right\" she said brightly.

\"Damn straight!\" he returned, \"This has been the longest week ever\"

\"You wanting some time to play with your new toy?\"

\"Am I that transparent?\" Todd replied

She laughed at him good naturedly, \"About like a pane of glass. Hey,
check it out!\" Sue held up a white box with just one black pill
remaining.

\"No way!\" he said, \"when did you install?\"

\"This morning with my OJ\", she said grinning, \"how long does it take
to install?\"

\"Well I was at least 12 hours. Dàwèi did it in 2, but he didn\'t follow
the recommendations. He freaking injected and rolled his own install
script.\"

\"That dude is crazy. Mad enough to be implanting robots in my brain.
The hell I\'m going to jab a needle in my arm to do it.\"

Todd rolled his eyes inwardly. They weren't robots, despite the medcel
brand name. They were organic cells that had wireless capability. They
were able to form a neural lace upon which a programmable substrate was
built. Having had this conversation with others more than once, he knew
it wasn\'t worth getting into it with her.

\"Hey, he conned me in to coming to the club with him tonight.\" Todd
said changing the subject \"Wanna come?\"

\"Sure, sounds like fun.\" She replied, \"it\'s not like I have anything
better to do.\"

\"Maybe we can pick up some girls!\" Todd said

Sue laughed, \"You wish! Hey can I get Tinder in my eyeballs now?\"

\"Believe it or not, I haven\'t tried.\"

\"Oh I believe it. A real girl might be too much for you anyways.\" She
gave him a jocular punch on the shoulder.

\"Thanks.\"

Work went a bit slow that day. Todd was having a tough time focusing.
Today\'s project was to replicate the motion and feel of a period
accurate mouse. The idea of using a mouse with a little rubber ball in
the bottom was totally alien to Todd. How on earth anyone ever thought
this was a good idea was a complete mystery to him. Finally, he had
wrapped up a reasonable facsimile - not enough that someone who used one
be fooled, but enough for continuity\'s sake.

Finally, he was in a car heading home when he got a text from Dàwèi.
\'D*ude, still on for tonight?*\'

\'Y*eah buddy, I invited Sue too,*\' Todd shot back, *\'That cool?*\'

\'*Sure! More the merrier. Hey, you should install this before you
come.*\' Todd saw a link to an app in his inbox. He clicked through to
see an app call Music Visualizer Pro. Todd shrugged and hit the install
button.

Later that night when he got to the club, he saw Sue in line and filed
in behind her. \"Hey!\"

\"Hi, Todd!\" she said, \"Hey, check it out I just came online.\"

\"Nice! That was fast. Install any apps yet.\"

\"Nah, still getting used to it.\"

The line was mercifully short, and soon they were in the club. It was
still early, so the DJ was playing some classic dub step to get people
in the mood. Todd looked around and saw Dàwèi at a table waving him
over. He and Sue walked over.

\"Yo! How\'s it going guys! Let me get the first round.\"

Dàwèi was always a gregarious guy, but today he seemed to be in a
particularly good mood. He looked up to his left and said \"OK, beer for
Todd. Sue what are you having?\"

\"I\'ll have a beer too\"

\"Great they\'re on their way,\" he grinned \"I so love this! Ordering
drinks with my brain: what a time to be alive! Hey, Todd did you install
that app I told you about.\"

Todd smirked to himself. \"Yeah, I got it.\" He didn't see what the big
deal was. It was just a little waveform analyzer app that ran on the
console in his peripheral vision. Kinda cool, yeah but really it mostly
just reminded him of the winamp visualizations on the antique PC he was
modelling in his game. It seems a little old school for your taste.\"

Dàwèi got a mischievous look in his eye \"Oh dude, just you wait.\"

\"Oh hey,\" Todd said, changing the subject, \"Sue told me she just
finished her install\"

\"No shit!\" said Dàwèi.

\"Yeah,\" she said, \"finished the activation in line to come in.\"

Just then a waitress came with our drink orders, two beers and glass of
something blue with red bubbles suspended in it. Sue raised an eyebrow
but Todd just shrugged. It would have been stranger it Dàwèi had ordered
a beer.

Dàwèi raised his glass in a toast saying, \"Well then, \'let\'s start
something new\',\" quoting the tagline from Apple\'s ads.

After a short while and a few more drinks, the DJ had switched to some
more up tempo beats. She was weaving some pop lyrics into some more
underground samples and throwing down different looped and live beats.
She was pretty good. Not remarkable, but certainly talented. Dàwèi and
Todd were off dancing, Sue was at the bar, chatting up a well-dressed
young lady. The music had gotten much louder, especially on the dance
floor, so Dàwèi and Todd and switched to texting for simplicities sake.

\'*Hey pal, let me float you a file.*\' Dàwèi sent.

Todd saw a notification saying \"Dàwèi is sending you the file
\'fullscreen.ipa\' would you like to accept it?\"

\"*What is this?*\" Todd sent back.

\"*Just a little something I whipped up,\"* he replied. \"*Start that
music visualizer app up and run the one I just sent you.*\"

Todd shrugged thinking to himself that this was just like gaming with
Dàwèi. He was always sending him little mod files to run. He accepted
the file then ran the two programs as instructed. This time, instead of
running in a small console window the visualizations covered his entire
field of vision. He could still see all the other people on the
dancefloor as if they were layered into the visualizations but
underneath that, everything seemed to pulse and writhe in time with the
music. Filigree lattices of spiraling honeycombs twirled through planes
of fractals. At the same time, Todd felt something euphoric bubbling up
through him. It was almost as if he could feel everyone dancing around
him even if he closed his eyes.

Todd was stunned for a moment then he leaned over to Dàwèi. \"Dude,\" he
shouted in his ear \"what the hell did you just do to me.\"

Dàwèi smiled smugly at him, \"relax man just close the visualization
app.\"

Todd called up his running apps and closed the Music Visualization app
and sure enough, everything returned to normal.

\"*I found the sweetest 0-day man!*\" Dàwèi sent, \"*gives the user root
access on the visual cortex, that's how you could run that app full
screen and not just in a corner. It even ties in with some
neurotransmitter functionality so I could code in a little hit of
dopamine!*\"

Todd stood agape for a moment processing what Dàwèi had just said.
\"*Wait, you found a 0-day in 3 days since you installed the \'most
secure system ever designed?\'*

*\"Well they shouldn\'t say shit like that if they don't want me to fuck
around with it. I mean, seriously?!? Truth be told I had an exploit
strategy in mind for a while now. Apple likes to reuse their old stuff
so I thought it might work, but I was pretty surprised when it did.*\"

Todd turned this over in his mind for a moment. This was a big deal.
There were lots of people, including Apple who would pay dearly for this
kind of exploit and here was Dàwèi, using it as some kind of party drug.

\"*You and I are going to have a serious talk about this tomorrow,*\" he
sent.

Dàwèi looked levelly at him for a moment then laughed and shouted in his
ear, \"Yeah but that\'s tomorrow. Tonight, I\'m partying!\"

Right at that moment, Sue walked over with a younger looking woman. She
nodded at Dàwèi and leaned over to Todd. \"What are you guys talking
about?\" she asked, \"a few minutes ago you looked like you were
tripping balls and now you\'re all serious!\"

Todd laughed and instantly loosened up. He was being a bit of a killjoy.
There was no reason to yell at Dàwèi today, time enough for that
tomorrow. Dàwèi was right, tonight was about having fun with friends. He
sent over a message to Sue, \'*Sorry! Dàwèi found a way to use the iLace
to stimulate the visual cortex and I was giving him the business about
it. You\'re totally right I can save that conversation for a time when
we\'re not partying.*\'

\'*Wait, what? You can do that? Jeez I\'m still not used to this texting
in my eyeballs.\'*

\'*Well no you can\'t really. Dàwèi made a hacked app that allows it.*\'

\'*Dayum! Well hook a sister up!*\' This last message she had copied
Dàwèi on. He instantly got a goofy grin on his face and sent the file to
Sue.

\'*Yeah sure*\' he sent back, \'*just make sure you keep it to yourself.
It\'s still in beta mode and I don\'t want it going viral. Run it
alongside this app*\' He sent her a link to the visualization app we\'d
been using. \'*To end it, just force close the fullscreen app.\'*

Sue got a distant look for a moment then a euphoric look washed over her
face. After a moment or so of that she came back and had an impressed
look in her eye.

\'*Dude,* \' she sent on the thread \'*you made LSD with an off switch!
That\'s amazing!*\'
