II \[Mary\] Support Ticket
--------------------------

The sign on her office door said \"Dr. Mary Feldmann.\" Her patients
called her Doctor Mary. She didn't feel much like a doctor these days.
More like an IT tech, she mused. She was feeling her age a bit today.
This is not what she went to med school for. Sure, she was still helping
people and yes that was first drew her to the profession, but it was the
technical know-how that kept her there. She liked working with her
hands. Her patients had always complimented her on how her needles
hardly hurt. She had prided herself on her ability to diagnose just
about anything mostly just with palpation and a thermometer.

Those skills had been obsolete for almost two years now. True, not
everyone had cellular medcels. When they came out at first, they were
really expensive and fairly experimental so it was only the richest and
the sickest that got them. Over the last few years as things scaled up,
the cost had gone down by orders of magnitude and the applications had
gone up in almost inverse proportion. Now, with Apple launching their
iLace and Google promising a launch shortly, pretty much everyone would
have them.

Medical treatment had now become a matter of reading telemetry and
installing an app.

Dr. Mary breathed a deep sigh. Her next patient was coming up on her
terminal. The charts came up on the screen. She had about 10 minutes
before the video chat to review the chart. Mr. McMichaels , age 56,
complaining about shortness of breath and pain in his jaw especially
after a larger meal. His EKG readings were consistent with angina
pectoris. It was pretty much a slam dunk diagnosis. Treatment would
include an app to increase blood flow to the heart as well as an
appetite suppression help with underlying causes.

If she was being honest with herself, Dr. Mary had nothing to complain
about. Mr. McMichaels had a much better prognosis that he would have 10
years ago. No risk of forgetting to take medication. Odds of
misdiagnosis were hovering around 0.2%. Medicine was literally in a
golden age and it was only getting better. Still. It was boring.

Mr. McMichaels\' face appeared on the screen. She put her best
professional smile on and said hi to him. He was a young looking 56
years old -- just a few years older than she was. They chatted for a few
moments about inconsequential matters. She delivered the diagnosis in a
comforting tone while keeping the professionalism at the forefront.
Bedside manner had always been a strong suit for her. She told him what
apps she was prescribing and how the monitoring software would keep them
both up to date on the progress of the condition. With the increased
blood flow to the heart and diet changes that he would naturally fall
into, the greatest likelihood was that his angina would be a thing of
the past within a couple months. He wouldn\'t really need to think about
it in the meantime. Mr. McMichaels was justifiably pleased when they
signed off.

As soon as the call clicked off, the smile slipped from her face. She
sighed deeply and considered the rest of her day. Still a couple more
patients to get through. By the looks of things there was kid showing
symptoms of allergies (Imunoregulate version 3.1 would do the job),
checking up on a patient with chronic back pain (telemetry seemed to be
showing a disk alignment issue -- a few months of chiroMate should do
the trick) as well as updating the vaccine profiles of all her patients
born in January.

Dr. Mary got through the rest of her day mostly on autopilot. When she
finally pulled into her driveway, she felt completely drained. She came
through the door to see her husband sitting on the couch looking up at
her over his glasses. Henry's beard had turned mostly grey by the time
he was 40. The white hairs were gradually winning the war as the dark
hair of his youth ceded territory.

\"Hullo!\" he said cheerfully, \"How was your day?\"

\"Dull.\" She kicked off her shoes and flopped onto the couch next to
him. \"Followed by boring, with a soup√ßon of ennui.\"

\"Poor thing!\" He said with a twinkle in his eye, \"Longing for simpler
times again? Perhaps being a country doctor with a rusty scalpel and a
black bag?\"

This was familiar ground. They\'d had this conversation many times.
Henry put his book down and pulled her into a hug.

Henry was facing a similar irrelevancy at his work. They\'d met 25 years
ago. He had been young pharmaceutical rep. They'd met at a conference
where he\'d been pedaling his wares. The evening had started with two
strangers awkwardly trying to make conversation at a dinner function.
The night had ended in dancing and the year had ended in marriage.

The company he worked for had been transitioning to software for some
time now. The young guys coming up in the business were all about
iterating versions, ramping up their deliverables, and leveraging the
companies IP in new markets. Henry had held on because of seniority and
accumulated favours. He was holding on for his retirement in a couple
years and in the meantime he was running out the clock in a relatively
comfortable office.

\"I making veal marsala for dinner,\" he said, \"maybe that will cheer
you up.\"

\"Oh, I\'ll be fine. Just tired that\'s all.\"

\"We\'ll let me get working on dinner then. You want a drink?\"

\"Sure, grab me a sherry.\"

\"Absolutely, my dear!\" Henry got up and went to the kitchen, coming
back with a glass of sherry and a beer. \"Oh, hey I have a little
present for you, \"he said as he came back into the room, \"Have a look
on the side table.\"

Dr. Mary looked over on the table to the other side of the couch and saw
two little white boxes with translucent lids on the tops. Her eyebrows
went up as she realized what they were. \"Henry, we can\'t afford to
just blow money on toys like these.\"

\"Nonsense! You\'re a doctor and I work for big pharma, of course we can
afford it! In this case, we didn't need to though. They were
complementary. Everyone in senior management got enough for their
families.\"

\"But iLace units are sold out everywhere! I was reading yesterday that
they\'re delaying new orders by 3 weeks.\"

\"What can I say! I guess Apple wants the market share -- what's it the
tech folks are always saying \'It\'s who gets there first\'\"

Mary was conflicted to say the least. She really wasn\'t sure that she
wanted to have Apple set up shop in her nervous system. She\'d done her
research; she knew it was safe --those reports of problems had been
thoroughly discredited. She\'d read countless studies on the subject.
Aside from artificial sweeteners, no technology had been more studied
than medcel tech. There was 0 chance of rejection, allergic reaction or
any other unforeseen effect -- anything that cropped up was instantly
handled by the medcels themselves.

She knew her problem with it was mostly stubbornness. She had spent her
entire career relying on her wits and hands and the idea of putting
something else in there always freaked her out. She hadn\'t even used
nootropics in school. She\'d always had a pull yourself up by your own
brainpower mentality and never wanted to change anything about that. She
even resisted reading glasses when it became evident that she needed
them. Now Henry was asking her to invite a computer into her
consciousness.

It must have been written all over her face. Henry picked up on it right
away -- 25 years of marriage will do that. \"You don\'t have to if you
don\'t want to,\" he said softly, \"I won\'t either if you\'d rather.\"

\"Don\'t be silly,\" she said, \"my hang ups are my own. If you want to
use it, I will be fully supportive\"

\"Nope! In together or out together! Though apparently we could
synchronize our heart beats.\" He raised one eyebrow and they both
giggled. \"Seriously, though let\'s sleep on it. We\'ll talk about it in
the morning. In the meantime, my veal is going to blow you away! Just
you wait and see. Can you start the carrots while I get this sauce
happening?\"

Mary smiled. This was one of the many reasons she loved him. He could
always set her at ease. Maybe she would try it. After all, she could
always take the black pill if it ever started getting weird or
uncomfortable. They didn\'t talk about it for the rest of the evening.
As she peeled the carrots, she listened to his stories about the work
colleagues she barely knew. The veal *was* fantastic. They spent the
evening in companionable silence. He read his book while she caught up
on case files.

She ended up nodding off in the midst of reading a particularly
fascinating immune-telemetry spreadsheet. Henry woke her gently and she
went in a fog to bed.

She woke in the morning to the sun streaming through the window, warming
her legs under the covers. She could hear Henry bustling in the kitchen
and the smell of coffee invited her to her day. She got out of bed and
walked over to the dresser and gave herself a long look in the mirror.
It wasn't until she had put the pill into her mouth and had almost
finished swallowing that she realized that she had made up her mind.
