VI -- \[Mary\] Diagnostics
--------------------------

Dr. Mary was completely baffled. The girl's toxicology screen had come
back with a blood alcohol ratio of about 0.2 -- basically, she\'d had a
couple drinks but otherwise clean. She had no known allergies and
anyways was not exhibiting any kind of histamine response. She was
somewhat responsive -- could nod a little but not much more than that.
Pupils were fully dilated and nonresponsive to light. Brain activity
seemed reasonably high and there was no outward sign of trauma. Even
stranger, she seemed to have cellular bots installed but wasn\'t
registering on any of the telemetry monitoring equipment.

She just seemed like she was stuck.

Dr. Mary felt stuck too.

Frank came wandering into the ward with a piece of paper, \"Jane at
triage told me to give this to you. She said it was urgent.\"

Mary snapped out of her reverie a little annoyed at the interruption
despite not having made any progress. She took the paper and read it.
She raised an eyebrow, \"that\'s a thing now? I thought those things
were completely safe.\"

\"That\'s what I thought too,\" Frank replied with a shrug. \"Show\'s
what we know, eh?\"

\"I guess,\" she said with a nervous laugh. \"Well I can\'t have them in
my ward. Is there a room I can see them in?\"

Frank pulled out a tablet and scrolled through a few pages. \"Well, you
could use the chapel, that\'s usually pretty quiet around now.\"

\"Ok sure,\" she said absently, now looking back at her patient. \"Can
you get them to meet me there in 20 minutes? Also, who\'s on call today?
I have a feeling this is going to eat my afternoon.\"

\"Dr. Singh, but he\'s not going to be happy.\"

\"Tell Phillip I\'m calling in my favour from that golf game I covered
for him.\"

Frank laughed and headed out the door.

\*\*\*

The chapel was indeed rarely used these days. The hospital did still
employ a chaplain, and was nominally a catholic hospital. People just
didn\'t come in here very much anymore. Mary met the three young people
(she refused to think of them as kids, they had to be at least in their
20s and if they were kids, she was really old) in front of the door and
unlocked it with the key she\'d gotten from Frank. She bade them sit in
the front pew while she searched fumbling for the light switches. A few
moments later, there was a victorious \'aha!\' and the lights came on.
The room was multi/non-denominational so there was a cross, a Star of
David, a crescent and a Buddha all placed strategically so as not to
give any of them prevalence. The two men sat in the front pew and the
young lady had taken a seat behind her.

Mary went behind them and sat down opposite the young woman. \"So, from
your note you seem to know what\'s going on with my patient. Is this so
or are you wasting my and therefore her time?\"

The taller young man, Todd, spoke up, \"Thanks for seeing us,
Doctor...\"

\"Feldmann\"

\"Doctor Feldmann,\" he stammered, clearly nervous \"We think we know
what\'s happened to Sue. We think an app on her iLace has crashed and we
can fix it for her but we need to get in there.\"

\"But how is that possible,\" Dr Mary was thinking of the black pill in
her purse, \"As far as I knew, there were protections built in against
this sort of thing, sandboxes.\"

The shorter one, Dàwèi, broke in \"Yeah, that\'s normally the case, but
Sue was running a side-loaded beta application of mine that kinda...
circumvents... those protections.\"

\"You hacked her?!?\" Dr Mary broke in, alarmed.

\"Um... in a manner of speaking I suppose you could say that,\" Dàwèi
said sheepishly.

\"We\'ve been over this,\" The young lady broke in, \"They are all a
bunch of complete morons and if it weren\'t for the fact that Sue\'s
lying in a bed up there, I\'d leave them to they\'re idiocy. But she is
up there. I think I may end up caring a great deal for her but I
haven\'t had a chance to find out yet and I won\'t get to find out until
you let them do whatever it is they want to do. So just get over
yourself and set it up already.\"

Silence hung in the room as Mary, Dàwèi and Todd absorbed Lily\'s
outburst. Mary considered how she was going to respond. The mom in her
wanted to tear these boys a new one. What the hell did they think they
were doing messing around with untested software in their brains? On the
other hand, she remembered being young herself, going to raves and
taking drugs with far less provenance than what these kids were up too.
She imagined a younger her in their position and she knew right away
that momming them would backfire terribly.

\"Fine,\" she said, \"but you can\'t set your toys up in my emergency
ward. I\'m going to need to move her to another room first, then you can
set up. I don't want this coming back to bite me either, so the hospital
can\'t know about this. You\'re going to need to wait for visiting hours
and you\'re going to have to register with security. They will not let
you bring your equipment in so I\'ll bring it to the room myself.\"

Dàwèi didn\'t look happy with that last one but he could tell he wasn\'t
going to get anywhere by protesting. \"Um\...\" he said.

\"What?\" Todd and Mary said in unison.

\"Is there any way we could cut the network access to that room? I used
like 4 0days on this and I don\'t want them getting into the wild.\"

Mary almost punched him. Todd did. \"Are you fucking kidding me?\" he
said, \"They can\'t just turn off the network, man. There\'s people\'s
lives depending on that network!\"

\"Alright, Alright! I\'ll beef up my defenses. It\'s fine.\"

About two hours later they met in a room on the third floor. The
orderlies had brought Sue to the room and gotten her into a new bed. It
was a semi-private room but they had lucked out and no one else was in
the other bed. Dàwèi went through the door first and went right to his
gear back and started taking out his laptop and antennae. Lily crossed
over to the chair beside Sue\'s bed and grabbed her hand. Todd and Mary
followed. Mary closed the door behind them and drew the curtain around
the bed to make sure they wouldn\'t be interrupted.

Dàwèi set up 6 antennae spaced evenly around the bed and wired them to a
breakout box that he plugged into his laptop. Right away he booted up
his machine and pulled up a console window and starting firing off
scripts.

\"That\'s not going to interfere with any hospital equipment is it?\"
Dr. Mary worried at them.

\"Don\'t worry doc, this stuff runs on totally different protocols,\"
Dàwèi said reassuringly.

\"You\'ll pardon me for not brimming over with confidence.\"

\"There,\" he said, leaning back in his chair.

They all looked over at the still motionless Sue.

\"Where?\" said Todd.

\"Just give it a minute, man!\" Dàwèi said, defensively, \"The system\'s
just rebooting now. The cache flush script should run when she comes
back online.\"

Silence hung in the room. Dr. Mary looked speculatively at Dàwèi. Maybe,
she thought, she was looking at the future of medicine. IT guys as
doctors. This kid (she was fully thinking of him as a kid now), may well
have done more for her patient than she\'d ever be able to. If it worked
that is. Of course, this was also the same kid that had cause the mess
in the first place.

She watched the telemetry monitors. If this was a normal situation,
based on the heart rate and brain activity she\'d guess the patient was
going to sleep. Suddenly, there was a blip on the neural activity
monitor, almost like a quick tremor, then the activity started to climb.
It looked very like a patient climbing towards consciousness.

Sue\'s eyes fluttered closed. Lily gave a sharp intake of breath as she
felt a squeeze on her hand.

\"That,\" said Sue as she slowly opened her eyes back up, \"was the best
worst trip I ever had.\"
